Hello
Zheng Shao is not good
The government issued a red line document
Focusing on governing the mobile payment industry
Your investment has plummeted by 50%.
What!
In addition, the government released the latest news
The land in Dongshan was included in the new city plan
The value of land has skyrocketed a hundredfold
That's not possible.
Absolutely impossible
less children
Now the entire top ten on the hot search list is about this
After Han Shaona Express heard the new city plan
Really skyrocketed a hundredfold
Now valued at 100 billion
You are amazing
Now you know your man is awesome
In fact, I am the best at more than that
Where to invest less of your assets
Enough to crush everyone in the world
It's not your best
The most powerful man can only be that man
That's not possible.
How could Du Fu choose that piece of bare land?
As land for new city development
That's not possible.
That piece of land actually knows to be reimbursed a hundredfold
1 billion investment is over 100 billion
The backhand really only doubles in 3 minutes
Hit the entire investment of the entire project
How is that possible?
My ability
What can you guys imagine?
It's just a piece of land in Dongshan
Such an opportunity
As long as I want
So many opportunities.